WDL optional output support [BA-6545] (#5720)
broadinstitute/cromwell: CHANGELOG.md

# Cromwell Change Log

## 53 Release Notes

### Bug fixes

> * Wired through support for WDL optional output files on the PAPI v2 backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for WDL optional output files on the PAPI v2 backend.
```

Author: Does this still belong under 'Bug fixes' if it's an addition?

Reviewer: IMO it's new functionality not a bug fix
